.TH libppl "3" "September 2008" "PPL 0.10" "libppl overview"
.SH NAME
libppl \- the C++ interface of the Parma Polyhedra Library
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <ppl.hh>
.sp
c++ file.cc
.B -lppl
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a short overview on how to use the Parma Polyhedra Library (PPL)
in your C++ programs on Unix-like operating systems.
Note that the PPL has interfaces also for C, Java, OCaml and a number
of Prolog systems: look elsewhere for documentation on those.
Note also that the present document does not describe the library
functionality, its classes or its methods and functions: see
.BR "The Parma Polyhedra Library User's Manual"
for this kind of information.

.SH "INCLUDING THE HEADER FILE"
The C++ interface of the PPL has only one header file, named
\fIppl.hh\fP.  So your program should contain a directive of the form
.sp
.B #include <ppl.hh>
.sp
Of course, you must make sure you installed the PPL in a place where
it can find it, either by itself or with the help of a suitable
.B -I dir
command line option (see the file \fIINSTALL\fP for information
on how to configure the library so that it is installed in the
place of your choice).

.SH "INITIALIZING AND FINALIZING THE LIBRARY"
The mere inclusion of \fIppl.hh\fP in at least one file of your
project will cause the automatic initialization and finalization
of the library.
However, there are situations in which automatic initialization
and finalization is not desirable (e.g., if the application fiddles
with GMP's memory allocation functions).  In those cases,
.B every
inclusion of \fIppl.hh\fP must take the form
.sp
.nf
.B #define PPL_NO_AUTOMATIC_INITIALIZATION
.B #include <ppl.hh>
.ni
.sp
When automatic initialization and finalization you must absolutely
call the functions
.sp
.B void Parma_Polyhedra_Library::initialize()
.sp
before using the library, and
.sp
.B void Parma_Polyhedra_Library::finalize()
.sp
when you are done with it.

.SH "LINKING WITH THE LIBRARY"
To be written.

.SH AVAILABILITY
The latest version of the Parma Polyhedra Library and all the documentation
is available at

    \fBhttp://www.cs.unipr.it/ppl/\fR
.SH AUTHOR
See the file \fBCREDITS\fR in the source distribution or use the command
\fBppl\-config \-\-credits\fR for a list of contributors.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <ppl\-devel@cs.unipr.it>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2001\-2008 Roberto Bagnara <bagnara@cs.unipr.it>
.br
This is free software; see the file \fBCOPYING\fR in the source
distribution or use the command \fBppl\-config \-\-copying\fR to
obtain the copying conditions.  There is NO warranty; not even for
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
